Component name node data node so
much get there. I don't know
Umm.
blocks start another right OK
block a concept application
concept car data flow.
Yeah, tegan.
To chilly block start.
What the hell? What bus to?
Maral catch a lot. Take me down.
Is stiffness water.
Uh-huh.
Uh edifice.
Uh to block a concept here which
keep about big data. Hadoop
major storage, big data Guy
Storage I think though.
Up Dubey data. Yes. Taking
multiple GPU's. Big data. Yeah.
PMP is my data.
It was good to Rai your time
ticket I Hadoop Mayur HDFS may
job data is stored there will
block you for me store data. OK
so all the data which is getting
stored in HDFS or Hadoop or any
big data solution will be stored
in block only. OK.
To block skeleton blocks a
continuous memory location
outage size OTA or G size.
Blockage your concept Hadoop one
point X man.
Lokasi task 64 MB.
Tika the Matlab Ek block handle
bad cutting it too much Hadoop
OK.
one point X-Men yes 64M Beta or
Hadoop 2 point X me a double OK.
Love Hadoop 2 point X in the
second version of Hadoop, a
double OK 128 MB OK, take care.
So which concept block which
data are R128MB blocks?
Today, Chicago to other home
example chili example, it Nagar.
500.
20 ambika.
Nick get tired. Take 520 ambique
file. Hey.
Uh.
How do you file those active
video file? Those attack text
file? Those attack would be.
With that ticket, the 520 MB
call block to Block 128 MB.
Ah.
128 MB Capella banana.
Was gonna do Sai 128.
Ambika banega.
Umm.
Huh.
3rd we won 28MB Banega.
4B128 Ambika Bana ticket to
Abita Kitna data block me 512 MB
of data jaduka but check it now
eight MB data by chat.
You tell me.
Pika to Abdo Agla block.
Well, look it now because A8 M
Becca.
Right.
Take.
To block a you concept take but
Hadoop mahjoubi data. I camera
pass yeah name node pass name
node is scope blocks math Ortega
to by default Cassadaga 128 MB
128 MB A block montage ago or
last major data Buster have uska
block hoga take care.
But name would make name node to
hamari.
With the hotel.
Uh-huh.
Which make a distribution in the
year data.
Ha.
Tamara Jayega Ismena Ohh data
node.
Data.
Ah ha, you did Tamara data node
Jaga looking block create Carina
block allocation some name node
comma ticket block name node
create location, location,
location, bitmapdata though.
Take care.
OK.
The simpler tell me yes.
Jackie could be data. Juara will
block me distributor Jaga Block
size Jogi 128 MB Yogi our July
last minute about your Skype
collect block hookah. I've just
come.
Do you please music file size
100 MBA through the pallet Block
100 MB.
No, no.
To clearly get block.
At the Block store there.
Take it. I'll be happy. Kidnap.
Locking my past March. Blocker
ticket. Ohmic blocked example in
each block. 128 MB kaminska
example. Like something a block
store.
To add the Kyoga jobs user, I
got data leaking taken or
school.
So hey, I made a passing data
squish store the name node
subset paluska block Ortega, or
blocks Johanna Miller actual
data. You have the name node
pastored, nihonga, ohji got data
notepad to you happy data node
you have you happy each block.
Vaga you're blocked quotas are
create card there.
You go to your manager, block
her ticket, data card, your
patch block, create K whose
message a block of data. Yeah.
Yeah. So subset.
Mikawa Palito Blocks made Tuta.
I'm not a block you per discuss
current to a block. Yash store.
Hogan, take care.
I'll check example leakage L
10th of Sai.
Is it a lot Chota Saeco example
earlier?
They come look, Julius, simplest
form 256.
256 and bikovi data yeah to 256
Ambika data. Those make it now
block creator do block create
hoga.
And how?
Blablacar 128MB.
I'll do Sri blog P128MB yoga.
Right now.
Did you get to? You? Don't
block. Me too. Yeah.
Hello.
I was ready to meet you.
Uh, we'll begin tonight. Work
issue with that? To me, asking
visible. Hacky, yeah.
They disable have visible hair.
OK, take it to Hammu discuss
corrective block to Humalog.
Pass to such happen Ambika data.
Not joking, don't block, will
distributor 128MB128MB.
Awards with the break. OK Sai.
Hello.
It.
Never.
Hello.
Hello.
Sorry, network issue. What
ideas? So I said bye bye. Call
drop.
Going.
Hmm.
Well, I'm not blocked.
I'm just cooking on on on the B1
or B2 to subset P1 manager. You
happy store what take care or B2
you have a candy store where?
OK.
Ticket to a concept JB here.
Exa. Can't believe B2.
Ticket. Yeah, B1, hemlock worker
node one is store 1B2 worker
node 2 main store. OK, you have
to clear it. Don't block block.
Umm.
Ah.
I like. I like work on normal
store. What he K yeah.
Kinda kika. It's combat left.
Jackie, you block. So the
Uh.
hangar.
What a key worker node me store
900 that is B1B2 John don't know
worker node one is store too
many yoga 3 minoga B1B2B2. Yeah,
B1 yat B2B2. Yash distributed
fashion.
No, no.
OK, I like locks on what page 2.
Uh-huh.
Ohair Ki Hamara utaka block.
Will Allah gallaxhar work
Pastore, Horan to be 1 Yash
store. OK B2 store. OK. The
data. I'm look at you that 256
original data we store here.
Hmm.
OK.
Uh MasterCard Karta hai Ki Jyoti
data replicate karta hai.
You coffee.
Ticket of Jessica Egg data to
her by default application
Factor Jyoti would 3 Hota.
Default application factor
Hadoop make it night to three up
3 replication factor kumpatla by
her blog got teen Copy Huna must
have taken up you're happy they.
You know pakali her block cut
teen copy paste all Colby, do
copy X server. Take care. That
is every block will have three
OK.
copy and none of the two copy
will resides on one single
server. OK, so Skype.
Like a copita of name node ISKA
copy Karna Suru karega.
Our school. I like Alexa, Alexa.
OK.
Ticket B onka copy key B1. Cool.
You have a Dalia Abir
replication factor right now.
Do what picture do replication.
Hope yeah B to compete Mahima.
Yeah.
Fine. I'll Bianco. Call
replication down. Like, if you
see this this server, do you
have a copy? Create karega or
you're happy?
Fiercely at aldinga you have
B1B1 got thin replication
complete or Tino server pair.
The condition match that every
No.
block should have three
application factor condition
match and all those 3
replication will be stored on
different server condition match
ticket.
I want to say block you project
I do say blocker application kit
or replication create.
New school like Alexa work well
done.
Glad I got by that application
create.
Hmm hmm.
Skip that is petalia Tigger.
Matlab AB Teen alagalla server
per application hard data comma
you there Malia have a quick
chat server so you have to be 1
to 2.
Do you specialized artica?
Hmm.
Update Skype benefits go out
there.
It's got benefit you talking
manager.
Apka you worker node one puritas
a dead hog, yeah.
Take a commodity hardware hack
damage. Who is aktai? Yep.
Hmm.
Sweet reset date hogya up school
service master node access card.
Uh, I'll queried Karna Chata
data B2 or B1 data Chata who
accessible hack is pain is pain.
Take care or Sparby a manager,
kissy colon was all because of
any reason you server be hamara
Jill worker three tha will be
damaged hogya.
He came to work at three. We
damage OK up merric cluster
message though worker node judge
you can. They can feel me again.
I'm data access card.
PayPal equal server bachai.
Yeah, equal Connor bacha. Once
AMPYRA data access concept, then
take care.
Umm.
So Jay, AKA a Hadoop a boat, but
after the facility. Yeah, yeah.
Both Parab property fault
tolerance key ticket to fault
tolerance Hadoop cassette.
You've gotta Hadoop achieve
fault tolerance up in the
replication factor property. You
just say the keyboard data
multiple server per replicate
data had just wisekey other
data.
Can you say delete Vijay Rahane?
Take care, yeah.
Period. Uh Puran node Cutchogue
earthquake and tsunami aja
building.
Yeah, I'll skip ball Judd, Mira
data accessible rahega jab, hum
data. Lina, change to Hadoop
package.
How to make the that is the
ticket to your property Hadoop
just cooking? I'm not fault
tolerant, get them.
Medic question either.
Uh-huh.
Server here, sorry.
Huh.
No, I heard you said. What do
you structure on cloud table?
OK.
Until I hear you, but not yet on
premises.
Me now is a good.
No. Yes, subocka cloud period,
Joe, on premise cloud, baby.
Where they cut me up. Child.
Visual machine, Legia.
Same thing here.
The evening the the big adult
Alexis service.
Huh.
Kiawah.
Ha ha ha ha. As we clear big
data key service. Hey, Oscar Nam
It can be big I give you.
Kutcher, big data synopsis.
This is good.
Uh.
Then they adore me directly.
Skill store directly data.
Ah ha.
Since this discuss and we see
here so they say.
Uh Azure, Asuka big data
service? Hey, Azure Data Lake
storage, Azure synapse analytics
to Azure data factory behave
OK.
happened to big data cap. Proper
service have happy what Happy
app chat to name node Kitna name
node kit.
Anna Batali kidnap data note.
You know what are the J server
configure condega installed
configure.
Hard, right?
OK.
My blavier master node.
Tell me when I think is Rodney
here so?
Uh, uh, what's up? Which
bananagate?
Coaching install kind of coach
configure.
That your sub.
Picked up the bank Edeka bus app
plugin keji or use konacha Lucas
TJ.
Take care.
To your data story so much Maya
of the Pura flow home, Sandhya,
No.
then data.
I I pick a cushion Kitty
precision. Make it data right or
read case so that he can though
Upco user I got take a user epic
request Vega user request Scope
Vega name, node key hum data
You know.
right kanachi.
Then we'll skip us money to 56
Ambika data. Hey, we'll name
node code. Vijay Bhaiya Hamkar
data rewrite Karnal. Hadoop
cluster pin. So name node is
still data. Accept Carrega
housekeeper check size editor
Key 256 MB data size.
But we'll skip school. Multiple
blocks made toreba do block.
Of indoor block is absent name
node check kiss data node Jaga
Uh.
Hai. Generally her data note.
Jagrata him her data note be
proper jagrata data is too.
Yeah, just OK. The name node is
code location batayega KTK
worker node one pay you're happy
app all our data store. You're
happy. I data store QJ or worker
node 2P happy. I datastore QJ
feel. Yep. Pura flow data.
4 sorry.
Feel yase japira flow, star
toga, her worker note, page,
jacket, data storage, Aga, pale
B1, yap store, hoga. Feel B2 you
happy store.
Feel skip by store Honegger bath
up name multiplication because
B1 card application you're happy
you're happy team replication,
correct her to be 2 car
application. You're happy you're
happy job Tino replication
complete. Hoja or Sara data.
Write how Jago, skiba name node
name metadata update.
There you go. Kiss your data is
location. Page 2 blocks may
store.
OK. I hate you Scott.
Application is server by hair.
It's got application is server
by your GSR, com hoji. Gonna
whiskey bad name node user.
Looking hot after data store
that is, your daughter has been
stored cub gapura replication
hoja Pura Namenode committed
data Updation Namenode will form
the user that yes, your data has
been stored.
Yeah, yeah, right. Operation
actually read operation the key
user.
Read connect those case Michael
Tiger.
Yeah, he user at the heck within
bad ketaki ham. Couldn't your
data store?
Get the one could read Karna. I
have to read the data I have to
voice the video or I have to
still sync to the listen to that
song that I've given you. So you
have a name node metadata
checker, keyword. Cons are your
data.
But you work a happy student job
Osco Pathak.
Yeah, I got you. You're happy
store. Hey, that is work on node
one or work on node two may AB1
or AB2 have those Bauska
location. One name node. User is
location. Pay app. B1 Block is
location Papua B2 block K up.
Jackie, Access Key J.
OK.
Fugler read karateka name node
one block to block.
Siri, do that? Take a tokoy be
data, read your data, write car
request. Rahul will name node.
OK. Hey, guys. Rega. Yeah, three
master node. Say OK. Hey, guys.
Regards K directly. User RK
worker node pay RK data probably
will possible name. So Joby user
So.
Rahega would name.
I'll be here.
Every meeting minutes, Aladia
ticket name. Several check copy
Ah.
or.
We don't want the user Co worker
not notify request.
He's gonna go work on your core
data phase. Gonna go name node
data, data.
I don't love you circle.
Ah.
The Dubey home request.
Who's got creepy? Yeah, yeah,
yeah.
Names equal speed data node
response, correct data set Cape.
Hi Cookie the user or you work
on communication or connection
hanging in MATLAB.
Ha ha.
This if it's.
They Yash is it page carrying
our data.
Huh.
Uh-huh.
OK, to fetch karega result will
say worker Northridge I can name
Ah.
node name node for reply correct
right?
Ha ha. Exactly.
Chica.
You're so mad, yeah.
I'll be happy. 80 manly, Jackie.
Gene name node khatam hogaya.
Take care. Kiss you what you say
is clear.
That would interest him. Delete
garden. Take care.
The fear kya hoga abuser or
worker node beach cause your
point of contact.
The water Turia a ballet data
store helper, user access access
sneaker pack.
Tika to GX single point of
failure. Guy issued a Hadoop one
point X-Men Kya hoga Agar name
node cutchogue ago worker node?
To add to the cut near data
replication, hey I'm your server
so ticket database acting but
other name node.
Which will Gayathri tab hum kya
karenge GE Bahut Bara issue that
two subset pale escalier
solution proposed?
Yeah, just cookie. I'm not
secondary name node.
Tyga.
Of secondary named Little
concept.
Secondary Namenode Kuchka
concept as it as a node joke
name node John master node John
who's kapura replica replica Rai
ticket Joe data is may. Yeah Joe
Point Jewish date is may boost
Sara is munachi it it should be
the exact replica of the master
node ticket up replica had to
Sara Yoga Tiga of Sara Data had
to fear.
Yeah, puritas it hard to be jata
hai delete me hojata hai Toby.
I'm going to cut me a cookie,
honey, as a connection, Jordan
or Jason?
So I'm gonna chalu jagar. Take
care.
I looked at your age, but but I
didn't manage. This gives me
name node Chattanooga. Your name
node karata to Hadoop admin. You
have a connection.
Are you connecting app Ortega to
be user card request serve hujra
OK.
Of Exa valued magmar.
Lucky you, the prikash and your
hair is sky exact replica
johora. Yeah exact duplicate.
But I will. Cassie Horite ticket
to name nor Jodi would data
Yes.
store Karta Hai FSMS gave for me
ticket at Face image is go file
system image be get then.
2nd.
Hello.
Huh.
To execute home school. But like
the thing that.
Tika to name node Jyoti was Sara
data store, Karta FS image
format. Take care GFS image
period. Click create hotel. Just
say her dog EFS image. Create
hotel just FS image to create
one image create.
But Charburger ticket few kebab
cupcake watch to do bajit
charbay the modification. Who
are file system? May you have to
just changes. Yeah. Yeah you
meta data change.
Yeah, yeah. Woo hotel. Answer
it. It locks me.
Ticket.
To metadata in Donoho Milagre
Banta a face image or edit log
FS image her specific interval.
The bad near Create 2 Jata Hai
or you did logo Hota, Hai joke
do FS, miscreation KPH temporary
change of Jyoti, household CATA
of secondary name node, a Cam
view 30. The secondary node node
is called as.
Did it look with your sorry
sorry, edit local children.
It it it it log mahota jukido
affects Image beach car your
time period.
Who's middle changes? Who I met
at a time, will squish store.
So if this image got Beach got
time.
Would look job.
I uh though if CHK CHK changes.
OK.
Hmm.
So shall we proceed forward to G
secondary Namenode is command.
Huh. Huh.
To give you secondary name node
scatter a come to Mera primary
Namenode, exact replicate 1
ticket.
It's Carla. Why Skype call comma
your secondary name, new primary
name nodes, FS emails, Tata.
Mm-hmm.
Edit log mutata hai.
OK.
Or indoor noko Marge Karke each
naafs image banata.
Some kind lucky hardo Conte bad
at this image? Banega Ticket,
Yeah.
two primary name notes. FS
image. You tire edit, logotype
or indoor noko merge connector
bad.
Agnia updated FS image
bernadetta.
OK.
Tika.
Umm.
Object and I updated FS image,
banana, IG scope. Pushkar data
you happy.
Object your head naya updated FS
image here.
Yeah, it did lock or a face
image. Go. Hatake Nafisi makes
you happy.
People scared. Yeah. Take care.
Up times juta would reset OK.
Malia dobycha dose Charke beach.
Yeah, yeah. I first imagined it
low would happen.
Math is bonacci Scuderia charge
of char edit log.
So hang up when they are created
on Asura hoga. OK to you.
You previous Joe Taboo Nahi
Rahega is first primary node pay
primary master now.
And Joby previous tha woke up
again.
It's nice to me, mother. It was
a different system. Jain.
No, no, I I OK. Sorry, my love.
Umm.
Huh. Huh.
You do dog and take your Dubey
timing ever karegar though FS
image.
Maybe it's God Dubey logs with
the the logs. They understand.
Huh.
So you you could define
previous.
Uh-huh.
There will be beer, maybe define
Karna hoga kiddo.
Uh-huh.
Just give me it's got.
On on they will barely defined
right? So yeah, just banega.
Well, by default, declared
Virata.
OK, are you MATLAB?
Business support those are very
image bungee FS image the yeah,
Ah.
Mera jayega. Secondary name node
pay the secondary masterpage the
FS image or edit log joke can
take a periodically.
And.
Utilize what? What's submerge?
Yoga. Icky image. Banega. See
Hannah.
Ha ha ha it key image banega
husband who FS image.
But what's?
Pappas, Chala, Jayega are you
put on FS Image channel history.
Jack up, uh, naya face. Imagio
jaga.
What's up?
Don't be so hogels gender with
love.
Uh, I Purana just maybe salka
metal.
That our hoga. What's up? Naval
live FS image.
Vangada I'll be set by let you
have this image come.
Umm.
Where you see me? Because I got.
OK.
Take a uh did you process? Umm
but.
Yeah, he is cooker, then
checkpoint ticket. So I got what
K.
is checkpoint in Hadoop. So
checkpoint is the process
generally performed by secondary
Namenode in which secondary name
nodes take the apps image and
edit logs from the primary
namenode and make a new FS image
to return to primary Namenode.
That editor.
Pica.
And deal with the owner for
this. If you see definitionally
I checked it again.
cream easy, but I didn't.
At a ticket so checkpoint is a
process which is performed by
secondary name node.
No. OK.
In which secondary Namenode take
the FS image and edit log.
It can be different.
In which?
A secondary name node take the
FS image and edit log.
This and this friend.
And it looks OK.
From the primary namenode.
And make a new FS image out of
it.
Tika to itna definition. Coffee.
Yeah.
Abhe sawal Jaffier Ekur city
Yoga Kitna dere sarjo panchayat.
Why your feet not here? Saju
who? Raska fired that guy.
You there question Hoga K
checkpoint.
Alright, maybe the exactly
replica with bananas.
They yeah, 15 major. He did,
like you say.
Ah.
Uh, to escape either you
checkpoint, the hotel, new FS
image, FS image coffee.
This is a load hojata have to
name node job start Curtain
Hadoop start starting time
Juliet. I have time to
checkpoint.
Don't fight the hotel Bella Toki
Hamara metadata lost.
The diagram is up to data dusra
you name note starting process
go faster.
For the time, take care.
Once the process go.
Starting process, go reboot
process, yeah, booting process.
Starting procedure can.
Umm.
Take up skis up egg problem,
either Johan.
Yeah.
Tapco Batan Key your primary or
secondary name node.
With that ticket is complete
primary.
Take a primary or secondary name
node egg problem though. Yeah,
problem taking manual
intervention.
Key Agar coming primary namenode
kharab.
Umm.
Yeah. Taya couch hojata to what
happened? Hadoop engineer coat,
OK.
This connection could reset
gonna Pathan.
Yes, sometimes.
Right.
Hadoop engineer quake is
Connection Co secondary name
notak reset Ganapathi.
OK.
Do you K give manual processed
her husband back in May? Primary
Namenode problem Joe School
resolved part to GC manual
process of app secondary name
node manually connection carrier
take care iski wajah down time.
Umm.
Doski bad logo.
I'll take is Cobham change
guarding active passive card.
OK, so I'll be OK.
Chapka active no nude.
Our Geo Jagat passive name node.
OK.
Ticket to appeasement
difference. Yeah, yeah, up.
You're happy. Active name node.
Sarah read, write request
service call ticket. Kobe RL
write connect. Yeah, Kobe. I
read correctly. Active Namenode
serve or passive name node. You
Umm.
have better one. Passive name
node is.
Hmm.
Combat Tiki Jahai School
Quichua, where Sai hum miski.
But the app some earlier door
door behind him.
No.
Object Pura Kingdom Abir Gaddi,
payola BI bat. How why or
passive Namenode intezar.
Jihadis Kokusho Thai is got
debit one combat gang or ham
request self take care.
I I believe you, Sawant energy,
who will decide that.
We've got this.
Jaware.
But love you far, right? Who
will decide? And he legal case.
Hmm.
Those school Casey Pathak like
you work?
Ah yes, avala. Thank you. Who
will decide that active name
node is not working though? What
happe concept I attacked. What
Right.
happened? We need a doctor.
Cookie, egg objects. A Kingdom
Meadow.
By to payola bite the bullet.
Thank you, Maria cookie.
And jagadeesh to confirm Doctor
Jain.
Just normal guy. Do you have a
concept at their doctor,
Zookeeper?
He.
Yeah, those zookeeper Jyoti.
Do not touch it for one minute.
Kiawah.
None. So not telling the
downtown.
Ah, so Zookeeper is a component
which is used for any
distributed system. As zookeeper
assign a key it is dedicated for
Big Data Hadoop or it is
dedicated for any other. It can
be used in any distributed
system to decide who will serve
as primary or who will serve
active and passive to Asakusa
Yoga key.
Pick it up. You don't know
Zookeeper.
Abhi, Tera, hang up. Not
heartbeat. Abhi, heartbeat.
Karratha. The worker node. Name
node.
OK, not on the heartbeat up now.
I don't know active node or
passive node jihad, don't know
Aparna heartbeat, send karenge
Kisco, zookeeper.
Thank you.
Take care.
Of my legit Kissy, Kalyan was
active node heartbeat Sen Nahi
Kar Paya ticket.
Object.
Yeah, I send data send correct
all of sudden it stopped. It is
not able to send the heartbeat
anymore to Z Zookeeper. Then
Zookeeper will come to a
conclusion that this node which
was serving as master is dead
now. Yeah you passive tha school
active Banega time aagaya hai.
The zookeeper is quite active
when adega discard, Rajeev Vega
can now you can become active.
And you active tha boggia
passive.
To your decision, Cornelia Khan
Activa confession.
Into the.
Well, who got lead zookeeper?
I've just say active. What do
you did not be connection to
automatically Sarah connection.
It does.
Take care.
You're so much Maya object. I
feel bad may koyak.
My ignorance.
In the College of Opus Sky issue
will resolve karega to your bad
And.
new wapas Esco a heartbeat, send
Karna Chalu kar dega or I'm
sorry I was not able to send the
heartbeat and as a punishment
I'm ready to be a passive node
and I will wait when the active
will go down. Take care. So
Javier wrapper sent kind of
active passive.
Hey, good job Taki active
Namenode, didn't yuta?
OK.
Take a tour, Jaipur
architecture, Joya Pura
Yeah.
solution. Johan Botha. OK.
No high availability clean
Hadoop cluster can have
elibility clear. So you have a
low post. What is the role of
Zookeeper?
Uh, it's zookeeper Kafka maybe
use hotel has zookeeper, Hadoop
maybe use HOTAS Zookeeper,
multiple system designs, maybe
otai? So Zookeeper is very
crucial when it comes to decide
who will serve the purpose.
Actively taken those zookeeper
AKA Malaba presidents chenega
roll out there. It will choose
the master for any architecture.
Uh for any cluster cassette,
then not architecture or escape
proper definition check. Keep
proper definition.
Not the.
I would take resource manager
Kuhli.
Me neither.
A better resource many explain.
Like you know Skype. So
Zookeeper is a distributed
coordination service to manage
large set of hordes. Take care.
Geographical definition. Leitner
definition lick Sakti Hai or
Skype primary rule. Skype
primary role HOTA leader
selection com.
Take a.
Those zookeeper Megara
definition.
But you'll explain Cadence is
the primary role of Zookeeper is
to select leader to it, not
coffee, coffee roll hotel.
Why do you keep parka Jessica in
Donegal configuration, have
apnea past it will store the
configuration of every node. It
will do the election key. Who
should become the primary or who
should become the leader just of
quartile but it's come main come
here that it will select who
should act as a leader.
Kika.
I was looking but I think UK job
description may be mentioned
that.
To get.
OK so here.
Ohh to give birth to her.
I know. Uh.
It's DFS will be Amara,
zookeeper who do scape bad the
Ah.
So Zookeeper paper there.
knot.
So could you keep Pakali
definition, push ahead or
definition?
Set up Marlene Case B will be
going here to help.
It does. It was OK, you keeper
is open source service, which is
family used to decide the leader
in any distributed cluster
ticket.
The decision of leader J coffee
important term scale our a
question a zookeeper concept
port. So Zookeeper runs on Port
2181.
Huh. Ticket though it says that
a zookeeper Cooper generally
question.
Thank you.
Or a courteous cafe.
Interesting.
Though.
It is not that good new in the
sub new immediately so.
Uh caki jaga.
With the, they're gonna be
Kubernetes architecture. Hey.
I love you, baby.
Umm.
Would it be here by master?
You'll see. Maybe. Maybe
Uh.
Umm.
controller? Same same. It's a
configure now it's.
Umm, I thought actually
architecture Jothy primary
client server like master worker
who is Tonya?
Do you had to Corbin
architecture data in donor?
It's a category me Grega Osco
sammadham ashani OTA.
OK.
I will take some Jain. I don't
think so. OK.
It's same with. You could
connect either. Actually it's
OK.
not coffee emoji. Let's say
it's.
98 not coffee scalawag question.
To charge us a time will be home
my equals expectation but
adding.
Uh, it's just a question. You
set the key, huh?
Uh.
Good.
You feel there may still purpose
other concentration.
And get the community strange.
Like, uh, communities with your
friend.
And then is Cooper both focus
matki GQG job requirement cassap
Sai device.
And he ought to primary focus.
TJ, Kubernetes, Cooper is Cuba
Sitna summer league. If someone
is asking any question, I can
answer this one, OK.
Hmm, OK.
Do I smell equation generally?
Would the other day, if someone
is reading a file, if a user one
is reading a file and at the
same time user two is making
request to read the same file
then what will happen?
Tiger mileage. Yeah, you have
will be one.
Umm.
Sarah and at the same time a
user two is trying to read the
Umm.
B1 or user two is making request
with name node to read the B1
then what will happen?
2.
Do you replicate it? Maybe a
Maria billable skipper request.
And 91 nahi hoga and the work,
you know, yoga. Yeah. So.
What aiki? Whenever our user one
is trying to read a file then
name node will log that file for
user one OK and when the file is
Hmm.
locked for user 1, user two will
not be able to access that file.
So you have a locking concept.
If he is reading a file the file
will be logged for him. The
other user will not be able to
read or write that file up as a.
Monkey agata. Yes. Give me some
Jada Ram. Suppose he is trying
to read the file, or he's trying
to make any changes B2.
OK, now.
He has not saved the B2 file at
the same time, if the user two
will also make change to be 2
then what will happen? There is
a coincidence that both are
trying to make the changes at
the same time.
Right.
Umm.
And both will be changing the
value of the same file. That's
why two stop this concurrency it
it is generally logged the file
is logged for the user. If user
one is trying to read or write
file then the file will be
locked for user 1. User two will
not be able to access that.
OK. Umm.
Yoga.
So let's go. Wait, Karna, first
user read unlocked.
Ah.
He would be here.
Uh-huh.
That the.
We happy to work waiting time.
Birds are the enough.
Huh. What happened? Wait, wait.
Yeah, but I just took your user
one is file code. Release
Margaret up. The key was cool.
OK, yes, I forgot.
When you will go only henna.
Ah, same file Killian.
Magazine file to.
Other files still user two can
read other file but the same for
the same file if they have to
wait OK.
I'll be happy resource manager
or node manager. I'm discussing
Carla, so these resource manager
and node manager are used to
perform the tasks. OK, that is
the processing of on data. So
now there's the data on which I
need to process and I need to
create some business
intelligence out of this or
create some report out out of
this. So processing needs to be
done. Data cleansing will be
happening. Data.
No grouping will be happening
on. All those things will be
happening.
So to do the actual processing.
OK, so suppose calculation we
have to take an example of
calculation. There are two data
two and two and three and then
now we need to add them. Then
the perform the addition will be
performed by node manager. OK.
Umm.
So the actual processing of data
will be performed by node
manager. The resource manager
will only say the specific node
manager. That's suppose if it
need to be performed on this
node then resource manager will
inform this node manager that
you have the data. I'm giving
you this task to the processing
OK.
Take me. Take me. Take.
Do the actual processing hey
calculation car which will be
Huh.
happen by node manager, a
resource manager caparica.
Yes.
Resource manager will inform the
node manager to start the
processing.
OK.
Tika to resource manager nor
manager rules so much.
Yes.
I think your processing and data
storage or a data processing.
Huh. No.
Tell your take care of your
birthday to yarn component Tokyo
Yankee component.
But the audience shows man.
I think a port #8 is in Kapoor.
8088 and 8042 Resource Manager
8088 Node Manager 8042.
OK.
OK, so Hadoop 2 point X
secondary node. We discussed the
secondary name name node and
it's important checkpoint FS
invited deadlocks. Your sub
discussion OK.
That single point of failure
oriska solution.
Look, Patadia Cassie, active
name node and passive node node
is solving this solution.
Umm.
Our difference between Hadoop
one point X and Hadoop 2 point X
though Pahala difference here
Key Hadoop one point X metha
MapReduce.
OK.
Hadoop 2 point X Mickey, yeah.
Take a.
Our dusra this difference? Yeah.
You have a single point of
OK.
filler that they can. Yeah.
COI single point of failure name
here. Take care.
To Hadoop one point tax Hadoop 2
point X is your primary
difference Seppala map Reduce
Hadoop Point point X.
Try to Sri. Yeah, sorry. Two
point text me yanta or dusra
asset for sorry. Single point of
failure to Hadoop. One point
X-Men. Jacky Hadoop 2 point X
mas.
OK.
Umm.
But up configuration file kebab
called. Thank you Hadoop may
Kaka configuration file file
Kanam Yad Kia.
So Bakushi Albania, jothy you
happy? Do you happy Patch
primary configuration file IDF,
scaly hdfssite.xml.
What the heck? Yarn clear
janside.xml or involvement
variables can be EN B dot SH or
your master slave Tiga.
It will. It will.
My configuration file self.
How do?
Pardon.
Umm.
Don't make like it, it's DFS
move site.
Site.xml.
As example multikey
configuration files.
Ha ha ha.
OK.
You can still.
Can Virat Essage and master and
sleep?
Huh. Two? Yeah, big data.
Are you home? But not the video?
September next year?
But having the Bills update you?
Skype.
How could be also there?
The yearning, our platform,
talking to you.
Day.
No spit platform.
Could've been a year. Well,
could be. Was a time.
Take care.
Yeah.
To Chaliye jet you have Hadoop
complete hogya.
Not really.
MapReduce.
Like it got cat coming with
that.
The only map using stuff it's
too hot interview one point
Yeah.
Hadoop 1.8 in the map reduce.
Uh-huh.
Hadoop one point tax my map
reduced, huh? So Uska scope of
improvement talk. You can go
processing a camcorder source
location.
We got Parata to Scalia Yarn
colleague Hadoop 2 point X-Men
to Hadoop 2 point XK bath, say
map reduced you have, yeah.
2.
OK.
To apply you happy Hadoop you
have will complete Nokia.
I don't local church angle
question discuss Curly.
Thank you. Casey. Cagle, Hotel,
Cusco, Shinjo generally ask.
That's, I think, pushing
accepting interview man.
It meant that before they take
me to my me, take good to have
me.
It's not been comma here.
You have got to have skill,
several big data clusters, OK.
This includes testing sign up
and publishing images.
I'd love you.
Kilwa.
SQL Server big data clusters in
bracket. This includes testing,
sign off and publishing images.
Yeah, I'm a little.
And they actually JB Karaka big
data cluster. Yeah, to big data
solution. Yeah. Hadoop was open
source.
Two different different
companies score apne requirement
case apps modify key to see thru
SQL Server big data cluster you
have will be a Hadoop Kahi
component originally based may
Hadoop. Yeah Basu modification
key.
Quite tacky where SQL Server Co
primary a car. Second support
curse again.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Listen to
Openshift really care. Yeah,
they must have open shift.
Openshift to Apka Kubernetes
Jassi.
And I'm.
They may not understand the
middle school.
Like when you.
They will have no don't need
them. Everyone's tonight. You
good?
OK, open. Safe is like the
Kubernetes. It is only the open
shift was given by Red Hat and I
think currently it is under IBM
Yes.
and this Kubernetes. I believe
this was given a Microsoft.
Umm.
That's the really sparkle.
But OK, if you will.
Uh, sorry. Kubernetes was given
by Google Cloud.
Ah, Google cloud. Say
government, is how many eggs?
Umm.
Another Google cloud, Google.
Ah OK Spark spark ticket spark.
When I'm pushing, you know
though.
You're happy.
You consent this guy concept
spark here Kiska concert.
Cool.
How big data Kyle concept here?
Google what do your first part
blue and wheat?
This. Gibbard. Uh yeah.
Ivana Grafana Elasticsearch
influenced.
Ah.
Taboo ham egg use case.
Ako bata denge to Wahhabi
coffee. Clear.
I'll be spark exactly hecka
warm, but other than ticket so
Sleeping.
spark a definition ecology,
spark is an in processing. Sorry
in memory processing engine.
Spark is an in memory processing
engine.
Louder please.
Umm.
OK.
So Abita come logo, Keepass,
Hadoop card ticket, Hadoop, may
processing conquer Rathod.
This is mentioned.
Hadoop my processing Clay Jain
responsible time that node
Right.
manager and resource manager
will do the actual processing.
Isn't.
Umm.
Huh. To yeah. Don't know.
Processing card ahead to feel
spark. Alexa add connect to
spark.
Gardening, bad batter they spark
can be easily integrated with
any big data cluster to provide
the processing facility, but
there should be a question that
processing was already being
done by yarn which includes
resource manager and node main.
Then why was there the
requirement of spark
additionally. So the thing was
that when the source manager and
Who?
node manager were doing the
processing they were able to do
the processing. There was no
error in their processing but
the process was slow.
Their processing was slow and it
was find out that which spark
OK.
the same amount of processing
was around 100 times faster.
OK, to have some.
And save the time.
Ah, optimally Jacky with spark.
The processing was 100 times
faster, not two times or 10
times. It was 100 times faster.
That's why people started using
spark with big data. Two faster
fasting the processing speed.
OK, so if someone is asking what
is spark and what is the use of
it. So Spark is an in memory
processing.
Make a sorry in memory
processing application which can
be easily integrated with Azure
and it provides a fast
processing capabilities to Azure
data stored in ADFS. Thank you.
Umm.
Two docs boline happen.
People like yeah, in memory
processing engine Dusra J Hadoop
Casat easily integrate.
Yeah, yeah. Attached joking.
Processing speed.
Umm.
OK, the spark some manager.
A processing gassy curtain to
scale program, compile it, spark
a program.
That was subject Napata would
different thing.
Hello I'm Missy's idea to you
this you know.
Uh-huh.
To update key.
How about a quick questions?
Could different discuss got
there? So how we can add a new
node in Hadoop cluster. So if
you are using the Hadoop cloud
or any third party Hadoop tool
like how to network or cloud era
there's no issue you just give
that you want to you have to
just increase the number of
worker node and it will
automatically get increased. OK
there's no issue. What happy
pushkarna any.
Yeah. Jessica ABI. Virtual
machine skill set. Mickey. Yeah.
Feed node agent pool Mickey.
I think when it's me though, I
dose.
Setting will budget that ticket
to Sitara and the cloud.
Ah.
Those Medora, those at
Incarnate, those satin cardiac.
In such alternating charge, you.
Yeah, got nap. Could cut me like
in generally.
I could just be up Naya node
data node at ganache. Those
networks full machine Co create
Karna Hota Hai Pura Hadoop
install Karnatak. Same
configuration. Laguna partha.
He's up there. Who's keypad?
Bus. Just leave while a five
time now. But I didn't slave for
cupcake.
Huh. Huh.
Was made was machine guy, didn't
I bought the kid. You start
Cortana.
To send the data OK.
Letter.
So if this is cloud based Hadoop
then all you have to do is to
change the number of worker
node. But if it is not a cloud
based Hadoop then you have to
add a new node you have to
install the Hadoop. There you
have to keep the all the
configuration change and you
have to add the IP of the new
node to slap file OK.
But you're questioning each
minute. Yeah, we'll start note.
Ah.
Hey, are you in communication?
Uh-huh.
You see what we can do?
Matlab Mujhe 6 layer file.
And then he cannot change
master. Maybe darling, master.
The what you have just left
Filograna will master Mahima
Hoga though.
Nahargarh server, paragraph 100,
server of change comma possible
now yeah, to Joey attacking
master nodes you have what
happens live file me up my IP
address. Tell them.
And.
Some would love you. You just
Patil configuration file so they
yes sub note right.
Hi, what part you configuration
files sub node where I go?
Michael was misses.
What did it just messing with
the master node page file save
you see me changes.
Ohshima changes got name.
OK.
I will skip by Jabba.
But the actual job and the new
node add Cortana tab Jessica.
And did you have me happier,
teen or third ticket is the
manager for five DVD ties with
three TB data. I spent eight TBD
time. Take care on a node. Add.
Correct. You'll judge zero data.
We'll put it as if empty.
Yeah.
Ticos pillow detainee yeah.
The wrapper static clustered is
balanced now speak data dial.
Honey, I'm not jumping. I know
that curtain. Whiskey bad E
balancing script.
That they just go keep balancing
off nodes. So I got mustaque
balancing of node Q.
That, that would, but that, you
know, your bad color to skip
cluster disbalance navaja. Yeah.
Imbalance. Nauja. I'm no
balancing of nodes cut there.
Make winter.
Take.
Uh.
The application factor generally
both the Question Cafe,
interview, push, push data. How
can you change the replication
factor? By default it is 3.
Yeah, they're kinda by default
replication factor is 3 but it
can be changed with a property
name LDS dot.
Reply.
Kishan dot.
Dot factor.
Take A equal to A3 data. By
default this could change 4455.
But the Abir the Hataka had to
Yelahanka idea freshman take a
DFS starter there to
markettheirfirstsite.xml.
That hangar batch file you, but
it it was messy. Yeah, at the
Umm.
first site dot X.
Take a. So how Hadoop is fault
tolerant yet question?
No.
Tell us a time to fault
tolerant. Do it. Do Java fault.
Set back it to data Nimura house
what you say to who issued your
third replication factor.
Resolve cardiac replicate data
from multiple server but allow
xserver gap with query.
That now. Yeah, I'll do some
fault tolerant. Sorry. Dusa
chance of fault. Contact name
node to active or passive name
node, say dissolve.
Hello.
OK.
Or a question J coffee.
Chachai Ki.
Uh, why should not we use Hadoop
for a smaller file? Matlab,
yeah.
Yeah, that is Hadoop. Suitable
for smaller files, smaller
files, MATLAB who files discard
size small hair.
That will happen.
But they have Jabba up koi. We
file store carrier to app
blocks, create carrier right a
blocks, create, create to meta
Huh.
data generator.
Tiger a file, the sizing. A
smaller regard to block Jada.
Uh-huh.
Create hoga.
Up Chota Chota block. Create
only lagega meta data.
Vulgata to Easley, Kajita,
Heikki Hadoop is not suitable
for smaller file because it will
increase the metadata and
interns. It will increase the
load on name node. Take a master
node pay Yep load but hadeda
this was you say Hadoop is more
suitable for larger file not for
smaller files TK.
This is a load on name node.
Ah, it's smaller files will
cause more made metadata which
will increase the load on name
node.
OK.
OK, Husbad, Aircrack, our
awareness algorithm, Hotel Toji
algorithm, actually Hadoop
Kanaya general algorithm and
rack our nesca so esmer.
A story.
About cases and actually it's
going to the bathroom.
Some that then I'll be
speculative execution somewhere.
Not telling.
Speaker.
I yeah, working Maliki data
processing.
Would I have take a speculative
execution? Is a process in which
if the name node feels that the
processing is slow at any
specific node, it will
parallelly start the same
processing on another?
I'm pale samjha dhara.
Think about them and it will
start the same processing on
another node and out of which
who will first complete the
processing. It will accept the
result OK to score some, Kumar
is processing.
For that time worker node, one
key node manager processing
horata take.
I've name Norco ASA lagraize
processing.
To dial mikalai, this is slow
processing.
I'm calling you processing a sit
fast on that, but this is a slow
processing the name node,
correct JAR node manager page.
Suppose worker three you have
maybe processing start codega
same processing you have to
start katega up don't know may
say Joe Palik result name node
uska result accept Collega Baki
job processing cancel Cartago.
Umm.
G.
Umm.
To speculate is the question is
a process in which name node
start parallel processing on a
different worker node. If it
feels that the processing is
slow and it will accept the
result of the.
Uh blah worker who ever gave the
1st result take care.
Making them it's got definition,
definition spectrum is in
OK.
process is if the name node.
Feels that the processing is
slow at any specific node.
It's got definition but.
Speculative execution is a
process.
Uh.
In which?
If name node fails.
Yeah, I feel that a name not
your master node. If master node
fails.
Processing is slow.
At any specific node.
Then it will start the parallel
processing.
In a different node.
Then.
And will accept the.
Result of node who performed who
complete the processing first.
OK.
Collegiate Nike job processing
complete Cardia Muska, Sept
curling.
Tiger.
OK, OK bad. I'm looking spark,
right?
Umm.
Zookeeper Ambati, chicken,
zookeeper and it's importance.
Of generally command nahi pustai
start connect.
You can Umm, but other than Umm?
A decade you have it do do
commando. Ekota actually command
Yota. You do script Hotel Hadoop
demand dot SHR S skipped Khan
Milega bin directory matic.
Uh has been directed me outta
what happened. You don't know
Skype meeting app specific
component style, Kanai, managing
name node start, carnal, higher
data node start Karna, Higher
resource manager, start node
manager start. Yeah, passive
name, node start, Karna, the use
case name Agar alagalla
Umm.
component start kanato appula
command Start Stop. Sorry you
scaringi Hadoop demon dot SH
fill scarbath kya karna start.
Have to start, stop to stop
Husbad konsa resource the name
node start gonna name node other
data node start Karna.
Data node. I got resource
manager start.
Huh. Is that I see. Who's
command would change Cortana?
Yeah.
Take care. So I got him data
node, start current command data
node file.
What the hell do you command?
You know data node.
The statistical dega.
Pika.
That constant command and
caring.
The name.
Hadoop Daemon start data node
TOUJOUR data node start karega I
can name node start we happy
name node.
Sorry.
Malagar Allah galak start kanai
components, go to Hamburg Jeolla
command. Use Hadoop demon dot SH
ticket.
I'm I'm chatting in Nahum
Achbar, Missouri State.
What do you scripting start all
dot SH?
OK.
Ticket Georgia.
Yes.
Jelly Hadoop. Happy complete.
OK.
Take care.
It's not sufficient.
It it cost you have some
information there that I have.
Umm.
Exchange hotel. Just look at
them. Look off guard. Take care.
Yeah.
Kafka, Kafka, KFK.
You submitted. Yes, I you know.
Buses, squares, stories only Jay
Jay Java process and use that to
Uh.
Kafka concept.
Keith Tarragon messaging system
take care.
Other people start what is Kafka
so you can answer that. Kafka is
a messaging system which is used
to build the data pipelines, but
it not voltage a coffee.
See that?
Anybody got? We'll see Adam
calling.
Statement would take care.
OK, then I think, huh?
Or they.
But it was nice. Hadoop is a
open source in.
I don't know how you see your
too low with new players
binaries.
A Hadoop open source but up JoJo
company Skype flavor.
Well, scale your passable, yeah.
Like.
The Lego.
Could could your question.
Or.
And then you look back.
You hates me. Wait, they can
give you.
Take up Hadoop dekhya, aggadot
Pagato Fairham logo Monday
Ha.
Kubernetes kuppam disconnect.
Big physical danger.
The high. You wanna go out?
When it is ecology.
Uh, tika?
My name is Ada. The job need
conceptual remaining elastic
OK, huh.
search influence DB.
Achhi, Elasticsearch yada use
case, but the other and you're
happy help project.
It.
It dominated and just do it.
OK.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Hello ashutosh.
Yes, I'm audible.
Yeah.
To him, up quick use case, but
Adrian just my Hadoop or you L.
Anoka use hotai. Take care.
Yeah. OK.
When I talk to you.
Umm.
Elastic.
To.
No, but it's.
Nice, Cooper said. Ignite is
very bad. Message is coming.
And I've been nothing. Kalinic
verdict give.
Ah, but N declaring a Batman
recording Technica.
And I yeah, I'm recording
technically, can't happening,
Naive melon with legalese.
huh?
And the minerals and gases.
OK, recording though can take
ahead though.
Oscar.
Present.
Umm.
Take care to how many take
diagram Kit Kat the architecture
diagram Pakistan much may I.
OK, take care.
Though LKELK Tin component Hotel
Elasticsearch database Hota Hai
log tests or Kibana.
Tick or JIT Tino service server
spenst allow them to LK download
connect. Yeah app ELK kapura
packet download, Elasticsearch,
Logstash Kibana download karke
QCB server pick configure.
That's a time.
Elastic so.
I got this and then you just
stick.
Elastic search search.
Logs, tests or Kibana?
Hmm.
Taken care.
2nd I'll logs test.
Knox.
Staff.
Logs decades.
Are Desai kibana?
To Abraham.
Some other thing Yao, that
elastic search database engine.
But you tried one database in
genotype. Just make it searching
capability both easy or fast.
Search result ticket or log
OK.
style. Jyoti vo.
Take a Taraka application, or
Tai, joking data Pushkar.
So I said usage data Pushkar
take care.
I'll Kibana E Taraka as
application, huh? Yeah, I see
service side is making Updata
Cooper visualization. Create
Malabar chart, pie chart. Yeah.
Fair coby. Visualization kit.
Kibana Gopal take care.
Up Skype Journal use case as out
I can just say key telecom
industry make out there keep
telecom. Yeah, I'm general use
case Batara keep Colby data.
Finish it here again.
Nick screenshare.
Yeah.
Such as.
Screen share making get oh sorry
screen share code there I was
scanning visible here.
Two major data source.
Ticket data, source data and
Hadoop may take.
Umm.
In monthly Jackie you Hadoop AKA
is skandar.
It chotas are data is stored.
Yeah, he Matlab about Gandhi.
Target store, Kiawah bus, raw
No.
data store D1. Take care.
Escabar de processing Indian,
anoop.
Actually manager is GA spark up
now.
Hmm.
Ticket to D1 your data? Yeah,
data sources.
Those aktai. Yeah, social media
or SATA? Yeah. Face server
source data and Hadoop my store.
OK.
I've been talking your order
time. I'll be scomo process
spark.
For the food.
Take a spark a used both fast
processing Carta.
Tyga.
To spark a karega, hadoop's
integrated to Hadoop says data
go.
Uh, you have a process called
Vega. Take care a process.
Carnegie bad you Wappers data
Hadoop Mahima right Kadaga.
OK.
Ohh Julia Beaujo nadata have
mirax coffee sudhira. What data?
Umm.
Take yeah, process that I have
maral D2.
Hmm.
Ticket to Hadoop, Hadoop D1
store unprocessed raw data,
spark process karkhele filter,
kayak, clean data.
We're good to go. Hadoop may
store Katya ticket.
Hmm, taken.
Abir, D2 data you have omera
process data. A problem Jackie
Hmm.
is data.
Ohm to summer, satyana ham.
Summer Satan. Licking your
Hmm.
business, you need to log in one
case.
Some data leakage, Dang it. Or
vote for us are frustrated field
curing it be written data.
Monadic Machata was what was
supporting like that data to
Hmm.
skills.
Look accordingly visualization
challenge to unlock.
Is Dataco language D2 challenge.
A large task I use cutting.
Archive.
Is data good? D2GO Humalog. Log
task it through.
Yeah, lobster. Some local
application. Hey, you screw it
through data com. Look, Pushkar
thing account Elasticsearch.
Digger.
To have him look at your day two
data.
Boy Elasticsearch.
No.
Hello.
Uh-huh. Take second exec energy
data. Copy any of parab?
It's good you're a copy I'm
calling.
Uh, did you date to data logs
tasking mother, say
Elasticsearch bag?
Umm.
I'll be lastic search key
property, Yankee. Yes, search
result. Coffee time. Take care
of Hamara Kibana. John
Elasticsearch. Big query
chalega.
Take care or elastic search
query. Can mother say I'm
looking happy? Visualization.
Create case that the object
visualization upkar bar chart.
Those are time, yeah, feel pie
chart. Whose aktai. Yeah, five
graph. Who Satya could be there,
though. Overall, Kuwait data
source data. Hadoop may jokey
Pura Raw data whose Co spark
filter kardia process Cardia who
data files are stored hogya
Hadoop data filter data process
data.
You think you have coach
business values are there to up
its business value. Go inform of
visualization in form of report.
Create connection is bad data,
code, log, stash of talking
lastic submit darling of
Elasticsearch data have Kibana K
through Humalog visualized.
Those are the ticket or
visualization create pie chart,
bar chart usage, create Kibana.
John Locke is 12, correct. You
know what happy Kibana AKA
server IP address. You are four
dial K, Kibana ka portal Kozak,
Kibana portal, which has a
hotel.
And Kibana Casey calling. Sorry.
This machine installed Kiana one
happy Kibana car portal which
No.
has out there. Take care.
Big party and Jackie Banacka
portal Hua Ohka different
OK.
Hmm.
different chart I guess chart
chart.
Yeah, the cap cap pie chart.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
To assess that map chart
different chart amloki banapur
thing of chat.
Profile that Jackie so you could
be in chat. Prepare present
carrying it easily summer.
Getcha is area make quiche.
Had you, Jada, I, Syria.
I will, yes, have someone said
that to Kibana use hotel
visualization, create connect,
click quickly. Yes sarachi
visualization here. Yes R data
mean helic how visualization
Umm.
here.
So yet logs that would look
Jesse Hamara processing data to
home Logstash application, hotel
data fetch, konichiwa henna.
Logstash applications that data
push connect Elasticsearch.
Huh, I said. You scale for human
data directly. They tell search
page.
And it would log stash
application, use cognitive your
Huh. Logs test.
data you have paid logstash
logs. Sorry Elastic engine can
you scatter you happen?
Elasticsearch Anoop easily used,
correct, OK, Elasticsearch and
the data query data. Both
search, search operation both
fast or the elastic search. Your
data is stored is miss search
operation both fast.
I'll talk to you. Can I have
some with me?
Take a.
OK, two main motor main motor
kata main mototaxi visualization
Comma Kibana coming today.
Would you like this?
create.
They're not Ahmadi to main motor
visualization. Create Kanata
No.
data Elasticsearch math
visualization. Create
Elasticsearch math data postcast
server logs test get through.
Take care do something.
Ah.
OK. Then then I believe we are
good to close close the call
The mega.
now.
Uh delegate delegate.
OK. OK, bye. All the best.
Into this.